Update faster-run.md (#4677)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/79-July-2023/faster-run.md

Jobs scheduled at the top of the hour used to take over 106 seconds to prepare because of the volume of runs the scheduler has to process. Now, even with increased runs, we have reduced prep time to 27 secs (at a maximum) &mdash; a 75% speed improvement for runs at peak traffic times!

> ## Unlimited job concurrency for Enterprise and Team accounts

Reviewer: same as below and also to avoid any broken links
```suggestion
## Unlimited job concurrency for Enterprise accounts
```

Our enhanced scheduler offers more durability and empowers users to run jobs effortlessly. 

> This means Enterprise and Teams (multi-tenant accounts) can now enjoy the advantages of unlimited job concurrency. Previously limited to a fixed number of run slots, Enterprise and Team accounts now have the freedom to operate without constraints. Single-tenant support will be coming soon. 

Reviewer: will add an update to this as oppose to changing the entire content since release note are more of a 'point in time'
```suggestion
This means Enterprise, multi-tenant accounts can now enjoy the advantages of unlimited job concurrency. Previously limited to a fixed number of run slots, Enterprise accounts now have the freedom to operate without constraints. Single-tenant support will be coming soon. Team plan customers will continue to have only 2 run slots.
```
